1)
To find whether one set is a subset of another, I wrote a recursive function
that took the two sets in. The function compared the head of the first list with
all of the elements in the second list to see whether it exists. It then moves on to
the next element in the first list and the process is repeated. If all elements in
the first set are in the second, then it is a subset.

2)
To check whether two sets are equal, I used basic set theory logic. If the first set
is a subset of the second set and the second set is a subset of the first, then the
two sets are equal. This function just utilizes the previous subset function.

3)
To create the union of two sets, I wrote two functions. The first, "inside," checks
if the first input is inside the second by recursively checking if the first element
(head) of the second input set is equal to the first. 
The actual set union function checks the first list and matches it according to whether
the head of the first set is inside the second set. If it is then it recursively calls
the function with the remainder (tail) of the first set and the second set and continues
checking. If not, it creates the list with the head and then rechecks with the tail.

4)
To create the union of all sets within a set, I simply called the set union function
that was written previously and sent it the head and tail of the input set. Essentially,
this function splits the sets within the set and uses the set union function to combine
them.

5)
Because of Russel's paradox, writing a function self_member s that returns true 
iff the set represented by s is a member of itself, would not be possible with ocaml. 

Suppose we had a set S which contains all sets that do not contain themselves.
Then if we assume set S does not contain itself, that means that set s is NOT a set that 
does not contain itself (i.e. it contains itself), but we said set S does not contain 
itself. Therefore, we reach a contradiction. This paradox is why we cannot create a 
function to determine whether a set is a member of itself. 

Furthermore, if we consider {ğ‘†|ğ‘†âˆ‰ğ‘†}, we run into the issue where ğ‘†âˆˆğ‘† will always be 
false, and ğ‘†âˆ‰ğ‘† will always be true.
If we wrote a function that checks whether a set contains itself, it will never return
true because of the paradox and the problem that if it finds a set within itself, it will
have to check whether that set is really the initial set, so it will search that set to
ensure it is identical, and therefore it will keep entering a set within a set within a 
set, etc,.


6)
Because a computed fixed point is an element of a functon's domain that is mapped to
itself by the function: f(x) = x, to check for this point, I wrote a recursive function 
that kept calling the input function f on the input x until f(x) = x until a result 
was found.


7)
To find a copy of the grammar g with all unreachable rules removed, I used some previous
functions (computed_fixed_point and equal_sets) and implemented some other helper functions.
One function gets all the rules for nonterminals, one takes in a list of expressions and
the rules for nonterminals and uses "List.mem" to check the first (fst) and second (snd) 
elements and uses sets to hold various values and essentially check to see whether a 
nonterminal is reachable (if it is called from the right side (second element)). Another
function utilizes the computer fixed point and equal sets by sending a list which is 
returned from an embedded function that calls the function before to get the list of
currently reachable nonterminals. Essentially, it checks what the elements are and
it parses the nonterminals and adds them to a list to create the reachable expressions.
Finally, a function creates the list of unreachables and utilizes "List.filter"
and the final function, to be called, assigns the starting expression as the first
element in the input, and the rules as the second and returns the appropriate list
without unreachables
















